= Snippets Converter

Convert TextMate Snippets into Gedit, NetBeans and Ruble (Aptana Studio/RadRails 3) snippets.

== Install the gem
 sudo gem install snippets_converter

== How to use (for Ubuntu and Ruby snippets)
* Open a terminal and go in your TextMate Bundle directory. Then run

 snippets_converter netbeans|gedit|ruble

This will convert all your Snippets in a XML file into the "out" folder of your current directory.

=== Gedit
* Put the <language>.xml file into

 /home/username/.gnome2/gedit/snippets

==== If you used GMate (http://github.com/gmate/gmate)

* Open your <language>.xml file and check if the "language" attribute of "snippets" tag is correct

 <snippets language="rubyonrails">

=== NetBeans
* Put the org-netbeans-modules-editor-settings-CustomCodeTemplates.xml file into

 /home/username/.netbeans/6.9/config/Editors/text/x-ruby/CodeTemplates

=== Ruble (Aptana Studio/RadRails 3)
* Put the <language>_snippets.rb file into

 /home/username/Documents/Aptana Rubles/my_ruble.ruble/snippets

* Open your <language>_snippets.rb file and check if the value of "scope" is correct

 with_defaults :scope => "source.ruby" do |bundle|

More info at https://radrails.tenderapp.com/faqs/radrails-3/ruble-programming-guide

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but
   bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 Nicolas Alpi

Copyright (c) 2011 Nowhere Man. See LICENSE for details.

